hello guys ah how are you today good me
too I'm super happy today I don't know
why but I am after Christmas crazy
things happen everything goes on sale
and of course I had to get some things
or it wouldn't be me and I got some
clothing items and the rest is all
makeup I went a little what with the
makeup I'm hoping you enjoyed this
little hole i have for you and let's do
this Wow everyone needs a little black
dress when I go out I prefer to have a
little black dress and it goes with
everything and I don't have to think too
much I was tired of my old ones and I
needed a new one and I found this one so
cute but it's lace and has these sleeves
and I fell in love with it as soon as I
saw it this is from Primark or hmm I
can't remember where the next thing that
I got was this knit sweater it's kind of
see-through and it has a lot of holes in
it but if you put something underneath
and with a skirt or with some jeans I
think this would look so beautiful it is
from bershka why does it say it's made
in bangladesh I don't know when I think
of New York I imagine people wearing
this on the street here in Portugal is
so so so cold i loved the little details
on the pocket and i can't wait to wear
it the last khlo the thing that God was
on bershka too and it was a kimono has a
such a cute print on it don't you think
and it's kind of like this
you know I did get one pair of boots I
have enough boots already but I didn't
have one on this color and I think this
goes with everything these boots they
are from Prime marketing they're the
most comfortable thing I've ever put on
on my feet and I would sleep in them if
i could i went crazy on clinic
everything was on sale so i went just
bananas on clinic and let's see what a
guy one person can't have too many
lipsticks they are not all from clinic
but there are lipsticks this one is from
H&M and it's this really really Barbie
pink I didn't have one like this it's
very bright and it has a part lipstick
and a part live plus i also bought this
one from clinic and it's a nude it's a
really dark nude and i had a nude but it
was really light and i wanna one more
for the winter and fall and this was on
sale so the other one that I got was
from cleaning too and is this beautiful
red I didn't have one this red I had one
berry this one it is a superball
moisturizing gloss sometimes I don't
want to wear lipstick and I just want a
little bit of color and a little bit of
shine and moisturize my lips at the same
time and this is perfect I've worn this
for like a week straight during the day
and I'm in love with this the next thing
that I got was this clinic vitamin C
lips smoothie antioxidant lip color it's
like this it has those little brushes I
don't like little brushes like this they
just go everywhere but it is a perfect
combination with that new that showed
you earlier then I got this one it is on
my lips right now
and it is clinics chubby stick intense
moisturizing lip color bottom I got this
all about ice concealer and it's on my
eyes and as you can see I have really
bad under eye circles and puffiness and
this really works I did show on my
favorites of my best favors a new
foundation from clinic that I got but
then I saw this one and it is the clinic
repairwear laser focus all smooth SPF 15
I went to wells that it's a the brand
essence all the makeup from a sense was
a new role I got this one that is a
sense road trip blush and highlighter so
it is a blush on this side and a
highlighter on this side and so this one
I haven't tried it yet but I fell in
love with it as soon as I saw it and it
this blush that has an ombre it goes to
Bing Goren g2 like peachy one thing I've
been wanting for so so long it was some
kind of fixer I don't like that feeling
when your makeup just starts coming off
your face and you start to look a bit
like a clown so i got this face makeup
fixer it's just like a hairspray but for
your face and you just i ate some so
this is it for this little hole i hope
you enjoy it and thank you so much and
I'll see you next week bye
you